Report structure

Abstract 

Introduction

Data Exploration
Metrics structure: introduce the metric, what is it? Units of measurement? How is it measured? Physiological explanation (brief)
	1. ECG/HRV (Liv)
	2. Accelerometer (Emma)
	3. Glucose (Callum)
	4. Hormones (Zhou)
	5. Activity (James)

Data Preprocessing
Introduction of the datasets that we used.
Structure: How did we use it? How did we clean it? State any limitations/assumptions with general dataset here.
	1. EDF -> CSV (Emma)
	2. Classifying activities (Liv)
	3. Glucose (Callum)
	4. Hormones (Zhou)

Statistical Analysis
Question answering here: which metrics show correlation to posture? How does this motivate us to include/not include this in our models? Using kruskal wallis/ post-hoc metrics. 
	1. ECG
	2. HRV
	3. Accelerometer
	4. Glucose
	5. Hormones ? 
Use this to hypothesize how the model will perform with various metrics. How related is this physiologically?

Predictive Models
Structure notes: begin with a simple model (logistic regression, inactive vs active) -> complex model (random forest/XG Boost, 4 labels)
Reason the decisions your making, explain clearly hyper parameter tuning (and why)
State limitations example including: why we have gone with only 4 labels (this only needs to be explained once)
	1. HRV/Accel -> inactive vs active (logistic regression) (Emma)
	2. HRV/Accel -> Posture labels (random forest) (Emma)
	3. Hormone -> inactive vs active (logistic regression) (Zhou)
	4. Hormone -> posture labels (random forest/XG boost) (James)

Results
*MASSIVE RESULTS TABLE WITH EVERYTHING*
Comments on the results/how does this compare to our initial hypothesis? Which model(s) performed the best?

Discussion and Conclusion (we can discuss how we want to split this up)
Biggest one: physiologically, does this make sense? 
Evaluation of our own models, what were the limitations? Use literature to back up the results that we have.
Did we expect x model to perform the best?
Conclusion: which one worked best? Why can we justify this?

Evaluation/Study Limitations
Different hormones showing different results (James)
Activity data - no females in the study, some participants were more engaged with recording their activity levels
Some CATs are invalid for the hormone data (only 4 valid hormone recorders)
Not all participants had both activity and EDF data.
There were lots of NaNs when merging the activity dataset with the EDF csv due to large time periods where activity was not recorded.

Further Research
Other research that was completed that tells us interesting information:
	1. How glucose interacts/used alternatively (Callum)
	2. How HRV might be better to predict acitivty intensity (Liv)
	3. I'm sure there are plenty of others…


